Group members: Jason Hammar, Andrei Titoruk, Min-Yuan Lee, Aidan Kormanik, Margaret Li, Minh Hung Nguyen, Bernard Tan.

Link to Repository: https://github.com/JasonHammar/CS-160-Group-Project

Instructions to Run: You will click run and you will be brought to the register page. There you will enter your email, name, password, and phone number, all of which will be going to a firebase database. Then you will be brought to the home page which will have two buttons. One button says Login, which when clicked, will bring you to a page with a list of budget categories. The second button is the logout button, which will log you out and bring you to the login/register page. On the budget category page, you can create a new category which you can customize the limit on how much to spend and you can name it whatever you want. You can also view the budget categories to get a closer look. Side note, you will need Android Studio 7.1.3 o run this program. If you have an account you can just login with your email and password. You will  be able to add categories when in viewing the budget. If you forget your password. You can go bto the login page and click on forgot password, and you will then enter your email and be sent an email which will allow you to reset your password. You can now delete your account and delete budgets, transactions and categories by clicking the trash icon. You can click on the categories which will allow you to create a transaction that will update the progress on the budget.
